The Joe Rogan experience. No, you guys talk. I'll get it. Okay.
Jamie's gonna get the boo look at that. Jamie leaves the salon to get the booze.
Thank you, Jamie. Real, real pro get some ice tooth. Beautiful.
So lot of going on, man. Lot of going on. How about that? Colby?
Covington fella. Huh? Bro. Dude, everybody better. Shut the up now.
He's for real he's for real anybody who didn't think he was for real,
after that Robby Lawler fight, you gotta go. Wow. Well, the.
Problem is, is he talks so much, which I find hilarious.
And it's you're tuning in to watch him lose. Yeah. Which is he's doing it right?
Cuz to in all honesty, we like him cuz we're balls deep in UFC and MMA.
Like my brother, who's not that big of a fan is like, this is all he does.
I'm like, I know you gotta understand though, what he's doing,
this guy is amazing.
And HES gonna do it for five rounds or 25 minutes. He wears you. It's to me,
it's fascinating. It is fascinating. But in the, the audio,
but it's not entertaining for general fan.
Typically he's not knocking dudes out. He's not a lot of submiss.
I see what you're saying. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So for the,
for the general fan, like, oh this guy talks all this, but he's doing it right?
Because he's talking all that. You're like, dude, I only see this guy get up.
Even John Jones posted, uh, you let everyone down, you know like, uh, uh,
Robbie Lawler, let everybody down. You know what I'm saying? Cuz he wants,
everybody wants Kobe to lose. Right? Kobe's doing Zach.
Everyone's playing into his game plan. I love.
It. Well that's how Floyd Mayweather became.
So rich Floyd way Mayweather did not become so rich because his fights are so
exciting. His fights in his early career were way more exciting.
He was a SAV early on. He could go put.
Himself at risk, but he broke his hands a bunch of times. Correct. And you know,
and also realize like this is not the way to have a long career and walk out of
it with all your brains intact. Well think.
Remember, think how good John Fitch was. Oh yeah. He was a monster. Sure.
Nice guy. True professional beat. Some of the very best was tough to beat.
Didn't talk though. So no one really cared. So as soon as he had some issues,
remember he was like, Hey,
I don't like the way my face looks in that video game. UFC was like, cool.
You're cut. Like what the? I'm 20 and oh man. Yeah.
I think they cut. 'em just because of, do you want, we have,
we have left right here. Um, but either one of those is good.
This is all we have in this room. Yeah. We have a bunch of that. Um,
trace stuff. Where's that? Buffalo. Buffalo trace.
Do we have Buffalo trays in the back?
I don't trust skinny bottles.
Yeah. That seems weird, right? Yeah. It's for.
Girls. Don't trust skinny girls. This girl whiskey.
Skinny bottles bro. Canadian whiskey and maple syrup.
Can't do maple I'm keto, bro. Are you really.
Straight keto?
Are you? When did that happen? I sent, I sent you and Brian a text. Your,
your boy was up to 2 73, dude. You got.
To 2 73. <laugh> well you eating road. Live duck.
Road, Doug road life. Cause when I, when I get into towns and there's all this,
you know, if you're Nasry in Philly, wherever there's great food.
So I was just eating and drinking at night and no one said anything to me.
I hear you. No one said anything. No. And then I remember I went to Hawaii,
I went to Hawaii. I was looking at the other dads. I'm like,
these dads are in shape. I look like. And my girl's like, no, you look fine.
Everyone was lying, man. Now I got on the scale. It's not fine.
Your boy's been keto 14 days. I feel great. 14 days, 14 days strict. This.
Is gonna knock you outta keto. Anyway though, this is whiskey.
There's no. And whiskey does not. Nope.
It's alcohol, but there's no sugar in it. But alcohol doesn't convert to cheers.
My brother.
Cheers brother. Good to.
See you, man. Good to see you too. Alcohol doesn't convert into sugar.
I don't think so.
Especially whiskey cuz whiskey and vodka are safe on keto diet.
Oh woo. Yeah. It's it's two in the afternoon bro. Yeah.
Two in the afternoon. Don't fight alcoholic now babe drinking. I'm like a.
Super Realite it's fun to uh, drink a little bit before a show, right? Ah,
nothing better, man.
Take that. You started me on it. I'm like, I feel good up here.
I'm messing around. Yeah. You get loose.
Yeah. You don't wanna be tight. Definitely don't wanna be tight. No, you,
you don't wanna drink your problem either. But the Kobe Covington thing is, um,
look what he did. If, if you,
if you wanna put it in perspective for a regular person,
Robby Lawler is one of the biggest savages to ever compete in a sport.
He's an animal and Kobe shut him down. He shut everything down.
He shut his entire game down and he did it with an unprecedented work rate.
He made, he was punching one punch every two seconds nuts,
which is nuts. I'm mean that is for,
to do that over five rounds against one of the greatest we
weights of all time and Robbie Lauer and win every single round. Some 10,
eight rounds.
I thought for sure, I was like, oh, this isn't even close.
Yeah. I mean, not even close.
I mean Robbie occasionally would swing and connect and then Kobe would
immediately hit him three or four times more and then take him down or clinch
with him and beat him up. And it was amazing.
Kobe. Strike's not terrible either. It's very pretty.
Good. It's very technical. And the, the volume, the volume is incredible.
But here here's.
My thing. If, if I'm fighting Colby, like if I'm a car Usman,
if I'm fighting Kobe, I'm getting a guy like cam Hays.
If I see my opponent running with campaigns. Yeah.
I'm I'm reaching out to another ultra marathon or figuring it out.
Well, Camaro.
Can't run. That's right. He can't do road work. His knees are.
Up still. Yes. Oh yeah. It's not getting any better. His knees are mangled,
but he's doing something right. Well his cardios off the charts too,
but it's just, he does different things.
You can do a lot of different to work your car, swimming stuff. Sure. Swimming.
Um, you can do a lot of yeah. The, uh, assault, bike, um, you know, the,
um, that echo bike, that rogue makes that is as good as thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. That.
I feel like it's lying to me. I work out every morning on that thing.
I've never been thicker.
Yeah. But you're eating like an animal.
Still. It says I burn a thousand calories. You probably, I call 4,000 dude.
I don't think so. Ma'am tell a think.
Full of. I see those food truck diaries. You need to stop lying. <laugh> dude.
No, these food truck diaries.
You're going hard in those. I'm going hard.
And I'm the only one eating if you know.
Yeah. Cause the other, the guest is talking. So tell me how you got started.
<laugh> Lobster,
sandwiches and. Pizza nonstop.
Yeah. No. Your two 70. Yeah. That's what I can't find.
It heavyweight right now, man. That's what happens.
Hard. But if I'm a tomorrow, obviously cardio's not a problem for him,
but man Colby, I have you ever seen him tired ever?
No. No. I mean he had that one loss in the OOC,
but that was particularly because he came into the fight. Injured,
took the fight on short notice, but he's,
he's got an amazing style that style of wrestling and striking and as
a person who's fascinated by tactics, right? Yeah.
Like his tactics are incredible because he's,
he's got great discipline to never,
he's never bites down his mouthpiece and throws as hard as he can.
Never everything is like a calculated, uh, the,
the output is all the same. It's just constant, constant bang, bang, bang, kick,
bang, bang, bang, punch, bang.
Bang, bang. He doesn't even really fire power shots. Like he's like, oh no,
this is a marathon. Yeah. Like I'm gonna wear your.
Out. Everything. It's just con it's all the same pace. It's all.
He's just constantly hitting you constantly moving forward constant volume.
And it seemed like Robby was waiting for him to pause in front of him or.
Get a little tired so he could fly shots off. And.
The Bob and weaving that Robbie was doing like, what was all that about?
He had to be tired.
I mean, I guess so doing all that Bob and weaving like, oh yeah. Tiresome.
I was like, that's rough on the core.
Yeah, man. That's rough on the core. Try Bob and weaving for a minute.
If you're at home, just try doing this for a minute. Just a minute. Just.
A minute. Real tired. And.
Robbie's just trying to avoid getting beat up. I,
this punch is just is relentless. They.
Never end. And what's funny too. About Colby is love. Hate him.
Is he doubles down? Cuz he got on the mic and his line about Matt Hughes.
Oh my God. I was watching it. And I was, where was I? I was in oh Nashville.
I was watching the room with uh, Derek Poston, AAN, uh, Amad, my openers.
And uh, when he said that they were aware of uh, Matt Hughes and they go,
that's ridiculous. I'm like, that's fantastic. It's a, cuz it,
it is messed up. But that's his character man. Right? He's a heel.
And he just doubled down so hard. So hard.
Cause Matt Hughes is really close with Robbie law and he said,
you think what he said for those that have what's fight, he goes,
you would think Robby Lawler would take, uh, a lesson from his boy,
Matt Hughes and get off the train tracks. When a train is coming,
he's just ball fair and love and more. Yeah.
The most controversial ruthless that he could say. And.
Here's what else? So we're impressed by his tactics. Right. You know,
what's even impressive as a former fighter.
It's stressful enough fighting another grown man where steel cage,
especially when they're really good. It's stressful. Now.
Imagine talking all that. Yeah. And you gotta deal with the consequences.
People hate you. Yeah. And he's a good dude. Yeah. Talk to campaigns. Cool.
He's a.
Different guy. Great guy.
Yeah. So he's a normal dude outside,
but he has to deal with all that pressure and still perform.
Then get on the mic. I wonder if he's ever just in bed, just like, yeah.
Let me tell you so something he's death threats getting real.
Old. After that fight, he has a real shot at being a world champion.
A real shot. I know he was already the interim world champion.
Those don't count. They do. After that fight, they don't count. No. And well,
you know how you know, they don't count.
They stripped him and he didn't even lose.
Yeah. It doesn't matter. How.
Does that make any, any sense? He,
they stripped him because he didn't wanna fight again quickly after a five round
war.
With RDA and he needed surgery. Yeah.
He's but also they don't count either because you're track doesn't you don't
get, when you're a champ you're contract, you get bumped up to higher pay.
Interim champs don't get bumped up.
Right. What was, what was the surgery for?
Um, I, it was something, uh, I feel like in his face. Oh, oh, like sinus? Yeah.
Something.
Major. Yeah. Yeah. Something like a deviated septum. Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah,
it's a, he's a a, he's a phenomenal fighter. But.
Now think about this. You take his style. He doesn't go backwards. Wrestling,
cardio Camaro, Husman. Doesn't go backwards. Wrestling. Cardio. Yeah.
The only thing I see,
I would imagine Camaro's gonna be a slight favorite because of his power. Yes.
The one kind of distinguishing kind of factors. Camaro has a lot more power,
right? Camaro. We can knock you out. Mom's a knockout artist, but Camaro.
Can knock people out though.
It's not a straight.
Comedy does probably can knock people out too.
But his approach is to throw everything at like 50, 60%. He.
Was laying in some early, in that first round against Robbie.
They were exchanging.
If it would've connected could have been trouble for either guy, for either guy.
They.
He was getting Robbie's respect.
And I think that was the strategy that you ha you kind of have to Wade through
the fire with Robbie in the beginning. Cuz he's coming hard. You know,
he's coming hard. He's coming. He's coming hard. You.